meeting	i want meet at the office by 9am tommorow.
meeting	i would like to discuss few things and meet you in person.
meeting	meet meet meet meet meet meet meet
meeting	when are you free tommorow? I would like to meet you?
meeting	Sir, meet me tommorow.
meeting	There will be a staff meeting tomorrow morning @ 9AM in Team Room 6716.  Please accept this invite, as it will automatically populate onto your schedules.Thank you,Irena
meeting	Per Laura Luce,	A meeting has been scheduled to take place today @ 11:45 AM, in ECN 6116.  Please accept this invitation, as it will automatically populate onto your schedule.Thank you,Irena Hogan
meeting	There will be a staff meeting for the Central Origination Team today @ 10:30 AM in EB 3259.  Please accept this invitation, as it will automatically populate onto your schedule.Thank you,Irena
meeting	Please note,	The staff meeting scheduled for today will now take place at noon, in EB 3259 and not 4PM.  Please adjust your schedules.Thank you,Irena Hogan(713) 853-6143
meeting	PLEASE NOTE,	THE STAFF MEETING WILL NOW TAKE PLACE TODAY @ 12:30 PM, FOR 30 MINUTES, IN EB 3270.THANK YOU
meeting	NEW TIME*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*Please note,	The staff meeting has been rescheduled for this week and will now take place as follows:					Wednesday, October 17, 2001					     12:00 PM - 1:00 PM				  			    EB 3270	Please bring the following items with you to the staff meeting:				1.  A draft of your 2002 Goals and Objectives		2. Your most recent Customer Listing, per Christmas Cards		Thank you in advance for the time and effort of preparing the needed items for the staff meeting.Irena HoganSr. Administrative Assistant(713) 853-6143
meeting	Per Laura Luce,	A staff meeting has been scheduled to take place today @ 3:30 PM in EB 3259.  Please accept this invitation, as it will automatically populate on your schedules.	Thank you,Irena HoganSr. Administrative Assistant(713) 853-6143
meeting	In EB32c2  SORRY I HAD THE DATE ON THE WRONG THURSDAY.  IT IS NEXT WEEK.
meeting	This meeting is to discuss some LIM issues that have arrived.  Our LIM respresentive will be attending this meeting to hear the concerns from our users.
meeting	Discuss the possibility of Automating Option Grid.
meeting	 Please plan to attend the KE Southern LNG Deals meeting 	Date: 		Wednesday, May 30, 2001	Time:	 	4:00 - 6:00	Location: 	EB 3259 If you have any questions please contact Mark Breese x36751.Melissa Solisx35167
meeting	Zimin is the Meeting Organizer:"Power price modeling plays an important part in power option pricing, power plant valuation and outage insurance premium calculation.  Over the years, we have developed different approaches to this problem.  Each approach may have its advantages and limitations.  Choosing a different model becomes a balanced act between robustness and accuracy.On the other hand, Research needs to set a standard for power price modeling.  In the proposed meeting, we need to discuss and make a recommendation on the unified "Research Model for Power Prices".
meeting	This meeting is per Osman's x39392 request.
meeting	1-888-208-1812 Confirmation Code: 564480 Title: Cera Call or go to www.placeware.com/cc/visioncastconferencingThan you must click enterEnter the following:Your NameMeeting ID: w564480Meeting Key:577592To access the audio portion of the meeting you must still use the dial information above.To access technical help once dialed into the Audio part of the call you can dial (*0) on your telephone.
meeting	Shirley, Lori Belsha (x39617) asked me to let you know about this meeting.  Thanks,Therese
meeting	Therese,Good to talk with you.    Here's some background information for Vince:     FrankFrank A. KarbarzEnron Broadband ServicesStorage and Compute PowerDesk: 713-853-6492
meeting	Please let me know if you are not available at this time.
meeting	Vince, If you are interested, please feel free to join.  We will not be going out to lunch, but will instead be having a working lunch in my office itself.Regards,Sandeep.
meeting	This meeting is to pickup where we left out on possible functionality of the Credit Manager product.Craig
ham	Let there be snow. Let there be snow. This kind of weather brings ppl together so friendships can grow.
ham	Dear we got  &lt;#&gt;  dollars hi hi
ham	Good words.... But words may leave u in dismay many times.
ham	MAKE SURE ALEX KNOWS HIS BIRTHDAY IS OVER IN FIFTEEN MINUTES AS FAR AS YOU'RE CONCERNED
ham	sorry, no, have got few things to do. may be in pub later.
ham	Nah it's straight, if you can just bring bud or drinks or something that's actually a little more useful than straight cash
ham	Haha good to hear, I'm officially paid and on the market for an 8th
ham	How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
ham	Yup i thk they r e teacher said that will make my face look longer. Darren ask me not 2 cut too short.
ham	Usf I guess, might as well take 1 car
ham	No objection. My bf not coming.
ham	Thanx...
ham	Tell rob to mack his gf in the theater
ham	Awesome, I'll see you in a bit
ham	Just sent it. So what type of food do you like?
ham	All done? All handed in? Celebrations in full swing yet?
ham	You got called a tool?
ham	"Wen u miss someone, the person is definitely special for u..... But if the person is so special, why to miss them, just Keep-in-touch" gdeve..
ham	Ok. I asked for money how far
ham	Okie...
ham	Yeah I think my usual guy's still passed out from last night, if you get ahold of anybody let me know and I'll throw down
ham	K, I might come by tonight then if my class lets out early
update	I want to inform that i cannot attend meeting at provided time kindly change the date of the meeting.
update	Hi,Due to some reasons I will not be able to attend the meeting on the given date. It is requested to shift the meeting to some other date. Thank you.
update	The meeting that was supposed to happen today, move it to tomorrow. Same Time.
update	The meeting has been rescheduled to 13th Jan, 2018.
update	Kindly reschedule the meeting
update	Change the date of the meeting
update	I cannot attend the meeting, please change the date and time of it.
update	Kindly change the date of meeting to 30 December and shift time to 3:30pm
update	I want to change the time/date.
update	Can we please reschedule the meeting on some other day?
update	It would be great if we could change the time to 12pm.
update	Dear Colleague, I have an urgent call from home that I need to attend to. I am hoping to meet you an hour later than the scheduled time.
update	I will tell him that for some personal reason i cannot come at this time.
update	Hey client, Can't meet you.
update	My father died, lets change the date to next year.
update	A few issues have been brought up, lets reschedule.
update	can you please alter the timings of today's meeting as i wont be available on that time.
update	Respected (Friend's Name), I have an emergency during the time in which our meeting was scheduled. It is nearly impossible for me to attend this meeting. So a humble request to schedule this meeting on some other day.
update	Due to the security reasons, the meeting that was scheduled on friday 27-12-2017 has been postponed to 29-12-2017
update	Dear Colleague,
update	Kindly note that the time of the meeting has been changed due to the current situation in the office. The rescheduled time is 09:30 a.m. Regards
update	Unfortunately I'm not available at the time of the meeting, can we reschedule it to dd.mm.yy?
update	Please note that the meeting is scheduled at 430pm on 04 Feb2018
update	I'm busy and unable to attend the meeting.
update	I'm stuck in traffic unable to attend the meeting.
update	I would like to request a reschedule for the meeting since my flight to Europe has unfortunately been delayed.
update	I am apologetic for this inconvenience. Kindly inform me regarding a suitable time for the meeting after 30th December 2017.
update	with due respect, I won't be able to come on our agreed date/time. Kindly reschedule it.
update	I will not be available for the meeting this week.Kindly change the date of meeting from 22nd Decemberc to 30th December.
update	I'd begin with an apology and state the reason for changing the time of the meeting and then request if it would be possible to rearrange the meeting at the given time.
update	Hi, I was thinking if the meeting could be adjusted to another date . I am not available on the mentioned date . Thanks.
update	Could we reschedule our upcoming meeting??
update	The meeting scheduled on <date/time> has been rescheduled on <date/time>. I apologise for the inconvenience. Hope to see to on <date/time>.
update	Hey! Just wanted to let you know that there has been a change of plans, the new meeting will be held on ...
update	Sadly I had a family emergency and i wont be able to attend tomorrows's meeting. Please see if you can see change the meeting to next working day. 
update	Is it possible if the meeting could be scheduled some other time.
update	I have another meeting scheduled that day. Please change the date of the meeting.
update	Jani ghanta late aoun ga.
update	I'd be running late for the meeting, as i have unforeseen engagements pop up. Lets reschedule for 9 pm?
update	Huzaifah teri diggi
update	This time is not suitable for me.